Sycamore Rain, Sycamore Rain
You, the chairperson of Star Entertainment
So good
A little subordinate
You dare to scold me as a villain in public
dare not
This bodyguard doesn't know my relationship with you.
When you go back, you must be strictly disciplined
Please, Mr. West Wrath
I'm talking about him.
Shen Congwen is quite talented
Did a lot of big projects for the company
I have always regarded him as my right-hand man
I don't know how he offended sir
right arm
What do you mean?
He can rely on his identity as the general manager of Star Entertainment
overbearing
misbehaving
Do something wrong to Mu Yin
Said to break my leg
Let me kowtow and admit my mistake
They're going to rip me apart.
these
Is it all your support?
Wrong, you treat the Wu family
Great kindness to me
Wu Tangyu did not dare to forget
How can I do this to you?
It's all his own initiative
Did you misunderstand me?
You dog
How dare you be disrespectful to sir
How dare you provoke my relationship with Mr. Xiao
It's a sin
Shen Congwen's desire to harm Miss Zhao
Abuse Mr. Xiao
Riding crimes should be punished
Drag him out and find a store to bury him
There is a man named Zhou Chaoyue at the door
It's a hill city with him
Bury him too
It's Wu Dong, I manage the money for Comrade Hu
Has any company made any contributions?
You can't do this to me, Wu Dong